Welcome to the Machine Learning Projects Repository! This repository contains multiple machine learning projects designed to solve various real-world problems, ranging from health-related predictions to email spam detection and more.

Table of Contents
Repository Overview
List of Projects
Getting Started
Installation
Project Structure
Contributing
License
Contact
Repository Overview
This repository serves as a collection of diverse machine learning projects covering various techniques, algorithms, and domains. Each project is independent and can be run separately. The goal of these projects is to provide educational insights into how different machine learning models are applied to solve real-world problems.

List of Projects
Here is a list of the machine learning projects included in this repository:

Diabetes Prediction

Objective: Predict whether a patient has diabetes based on various health metrics.
Techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees.
E-mail Spam Detection

Objective: Classify emails as spam or not using Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques.
Techniques: Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machines (SVM).
Linear Regression ML Project

Objective: Predict continuous values using linear regression.
Techniques: Linear Regression, Polynomial Regression.
Predicting House Price

Objective: Predict the prices of houses based on features such as size, number of rooms, and location.
Techniques: Linear Regression, Feature Engineering.
Predicting CSE Undergraduate Students' Career Based on Skills (from Bangladesh)

Objective: Predict the likely career path of CSE students based on their skills.
Techniques: Decision Trees, K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN).
Job Placement

Objective: Predict the likelihood of job placement for students based on their academic performance and other factors.
Techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees.
(Additional projects can be listed as the repository grows)

Getting Started
Each project is self-contained, with its own README.md file for specific instructions on how to set up and run the project.

Prerequisites
To run the projects, you need the following:

Python 3.x
Common machine learning libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, etc.
You can install the dependencies via requirements.txt for each project or use the main requirements.txt for the whole repository.

Installation
Clone the repository and navigate to the specific project folder:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/IsratJahanR/ML.git
cd ML
Then, navigate to a specific project:

bash
Copy code
cd Diabetes%20Prediction
Install the required dependencies for that project:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Project Structure
The repository is organized as follows:

mathematica
Copy code
.
├── Diabetes Prediction/
├── E-mail Spam detection/
├── Linear-Regression-ML-Project/
├── Predicting House Price/
├── Predicting_CSE_Undergraduat's_Students_career_based_on_skills_from_Bangladesh/
├── job placement/
└── requirements.txt
Each folder contains the following:

README.md: Specific instructions for the project.
data/: Dataset used for the project.
scripts/: Python scripts for training, evaluating, and predicting.
models/: Trained models or checkpoints, if applicable.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, feel free to:

Fork this repository.
Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature/new-project).
Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add new project').
Push to the branch (git push origin feature/new-project).
Open a pull request.
Check out the contributing guidelines for more details.

License
This repository is licensed under the MIT License. You are free to use the code for personal or commercial purposes.

Contact
For any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out:

Israt Jahan
GitHub: IsratJahanR
